hi good walk back a little quicker a
little bit fun Diane drop the leash good
I was a free and tap on the side free
all right move back away from go back no
don't grab them good man free and tap
them again all right free good go away
from Claude there you go
now keep walking back and I take both
your hands to go right between the front
feet don't stay down so represents front
feet and wait I'll feed them a little
bit now jump back and say free free jump
back
okay good good okay and go underneath
them again real quick and jump back a
free oh okay and run this way yep there
you go stand up and run this way
and let me stop when it gets to you
reward them for that
raha peda a freedom supplement here we
go all right
okay walk back again get the push again
what dogs next good when you're at it
when you're out of food teleferico yeah
food all right okay okay grab your grab
your leash okay hold your links right
there
rat take that toy out okay show it to
him to throw away from don't let him
have it
throw it throw it that's quite a bro no
don't I said don't let him have it okay
don't let me have a grab the leash there
you go okay show to them again toss it
three four three or four feet up top it
out okay good hold them back oh you run
over and kick it come on right over it
tick it go hard
okay I don't want you to let them have
it okay don't worry about touching right
now hit walk up to them hold them back
hold it back
kick it out kick Oh throw it out again
throw it out again okay hold them back
hold them back and give it a hard kick
hold ok one more kick and then you're
gonna let me have it
okay throw it away throw away hey let's
got it
let me grab it now you go backwards
don't touch it good had a Metro okay so
when he has a toy this mouth don't ever
reach for the toy I want you just pet
him get him comfortable with you him
holding the toy next to you okay okay my
problem is yeah you drop the bag you
just dropped a million dollars compared
to the ten dollars there they throw that
out throw that out well that's way okay
let me grab it you've done